 I've loved this so much and I've always wanted to play here. I still can't really believe that I get to play to all of you people. It's such a cool feeling, thank you. And that note, I always say goodbye but it's been a real pleasure, I've had so much fun. Thank you. Have a good night, I hope the traffic's not shit. And I'll see you soon, yeah. This is what all the lovers... I don't care, because I've never been so high. Follow me through the dark, let me take you thousands of lights. You can see the water flow to life, to life. I'm here to love you, I'm here to love you. I'm here to love you, I'm here to love you. So sweet, I can't do what's outside, so sweet, I can't do it. I'm here to live for you, baby, baby, out on the edge of the bibles eyes. Every inch of your skin is only way that I've got to climb. You can set my heart on fire, on fire. I'm here to set the fence, to the biggest fence. Like it'll steal you around, I can't see the moon. I'll look you waiting for something like you do. I'll look you waiting like you do. So sweet, I can't do what's outside, so sweet, I can't do it. I'm here to set the fence, to the biggest fence. Like it'll steal you around, I can't see the moon. I'll look you waiting like you do. So sweet, I can't do what's outside, so sweet, I can't do it. So sweet, I can't do it. So sweet, I can't do it. I'll look you waiting like you do. So sweet, I can't do it. I'll look you waiting like you do. So sweet, I can't do what's outside, so sweet, I can't do it. I'll look you waiting like you do. So sweet, I can't do what's outside, so sweet, I can't do it. So sweet, I can't do it. So sweet, I can't do it. I'll look you waiting like you do. So sweet, I can't do it. So sweet, I can't do it. So sweet, I can't do it. So sweet, I can't do it. Thank you so much guys So sweet, I can do it so it's so sweet I can do it with you What are you waiting for? Thank you so much, I'll see you guys soon Thank you What are you waiting for? Please My baby, sing this game now Thank you so much